namaste welcome to Indian MasterChef my
name is payal valera today we are going
to make catchy dabeli catchy dabeli it
is a special variety from gujarat kuch
and firstly for making that ee we need
to make the catchy dabeli masala first
we are going to make the dry masala we
need some coriander jeera 2 or 3 chilies
cloves li-chee a nice Hegira Java 3
cinnamon we are going to dry roast it
now so once it gets roasted
this let it cool down and grind it into
a fine powder now this masala you can
use like this make it or you can buy
store-bought garam masala also now all
these masalas are roasted we are going
to put it down in a plate cool it and
grind it into a very fine powder we are
going to make this garam masala with
chilies and I prefer it making it like
this you can even buy the store-bought
garam masalas and with this we'll
proceed with a dabeli masala the masala
is ready we'll take it out in a bowl
we'll take some oil so we are going to
make this dabeli masala now once the oil
is heated we'll add a spoon of our
ground masala 2 spoons of desiccated
coconut powder a spoon of amchur powder
salt to taste and 2 spoons of sugar and
you don't need to roast it much once
everything is heated up just mix it and
switch off the flame 2 spoons of red
chilli powder the dabeli masala is ready
now and this masala can also be stored
and you can use it however and whenever
you want or freshly make it and make the
bit so before we proceed with the EE
there is one more preparation which we
have to do we have to make masala
peanuts
so for masala peanuts just heat a pan
add some oil in the oil you have to add
the roasted these are roasted peanuts
ready fully roasted I just add them in
the oil switch off the flame add some
amateur powder a spoon of chaat masala
little bit of chilli powder
and Daniel powder now mix it well so
that all the masala gets quoted on the
peanuts any masala peanuts are ready now
the next procedure is the coriander
chutney add some coriander green
chillies make it spicy how much ever
spicy it is that much better it is
little bit of roasted gram dal and
squeeze a half of lemon some salt and
make it into a paste so the next thing
we are going to do is make the red
chutney or the garlic chutney whatever
you say you need some garlic for that
salt add some chilli powder and mix it
nicely now while mixing also just keep
beating it a little so that chili powder
mixes very well in there now the chilli
powder is mixed and we'll remove it in a
bowl add some water mix it well if you
leave it for some time it will melt on
its own and you can nicely mix it and
make it into a paste so finally we are
going to make the berry now before
making it we need to make the stuffing
also so for the stuffing will either
ready the masala which we had made
dabeli masala mashed and boiled potato
and some oil heat some oil add a spoon
two spoons of masala now add the boiled
and mashed potatoes as everything is
cooked do you no need to cook it as such
just after adding potatoes switch off
the flame and mix it nicely now the
potatoes are ready so to make it easier
we'll transfer it into a plate or a tray
whatever you're comfortable with spread
the whole potato stuffing on this now
we'll also add in onions and evently on
the whole stuffing as you going to use
it like this evenly everywhere the onion
has to be there
the pomegranate has to be there and the
masala and the yummiest peanuts
without this dabeli is not going to
taste like the belly so make sure you
have the masala peanuts and the
pomegranate that pomegranate that it
gives the very nice flavor very nice
crunch to the EE add some coriander also
see how beautiful it looks so now
finally our EE is going to get SM
we have the stuffing we have the garlic
chutney the coriander chutney and I have
already made this dates and tamarind
chutney a little bit of save for
garnishing and butter for roasting
we'll take this Lodi Pao why I am saying
Lodi powers these are not sweet these
are flat and they have a very different
texture from the other power we get so
make sure you have Lodi power with you
and slit it and first we are going to
put the chutneys now chutneys depends on
the taste you want to eat some like
sweeter ee some like spicy ee the
coriander chutney dates and tamarind
chutney now this application of chutneys
depends on your taste however you want
you wanted more spicy put it on both the
sides you want it less put it on one
side the basic thing is the Pao has to
get coated now once the power is coated
with all the chutneys you need to add
the stuffing and take the stuffing like
this put it on the power nicely gently
close it and you need to roast it with
butter now roasting the ee has to be
roasted that too only with butter or if
you are eating they see ghee you can add
ghee the taste of the Abela comes only
when it is roasted so will take nice
spoon of butter apply it on the power
and just and you should make sure you
are not burning it and you can make it
crispy also nicely the foul has to get
heated not heated warm roasted just like
have you rose to your power for your
power bhaji press it little everything
gets settled you can hold it and nicely
have a bite the WIC roasted take it in a
plate now it's serving time and hogging
time you just can't wait once it's done
the aroma just garnish it with little
save and the cuts eatable is ready so I
just can't wait to take a bite into this
EE and
Wow it's so yummy the pomegranate just
breaking into your mouth the masala
peanuts the chutney is wow what a
combination I should say that this is
the best best EE as you have seen the
best EE please do share the recipe and
enjoy in the coming sessions you will
see some more veg recipes from the
Indian master chef myself pal Valera bye
bye